And, um, I'm going to make a video, beauty.
now about springfield is a
legal application is already quite your time
But it 's cool he 's getting into it, right?
takes a little bit because he has to
to download what he is
carrying what he already has
I already have a nice little town.
put there about 70 thousand
per day
type guys here is my city
these little white houses here is as follows
to increase here starting with the city
here and now it 's so cute, but
Before I did I filled up the little houses.
release they will release you the first
This little house here is a rosinha
then he had released this little pink house
and then blue and then white and so on.
each one gives a little more than
money and for example from here I'll get
She has to give me five minutes.
Okay to give me six dollars
This for you to understand a little
beauty, that rose picks up one here
you will see
so she gives me three minutes she gives me
$ 75
You see that other rose that I also
I think it's a little roomy after
You'll understand why she gives me six
hours 120 dollars in case
after her comes this blue here I do not
I've got nothing to catch, there's still one.
hour and forty-three thousand
How much trouble she has, but I think.
18 hours only something like 150
dollars right
and those whites that at the moment are the
my most top right
I'll show you here
there it is already 12 hours in 1,200 dollars
so what do you do before any
The thing that the game is asking you is for
You buy it, buy it here.
the game will be everything they will
carry on
and then you're getting the hang of it,
first give the home of the simpsons that
here is a good serve was a caring
I came back to work because I
I also explained his house a little until
3 dollars in 60 seconds
according to they release the little houses all
the ones you already know at springfield
even though it's cute here but when
I took her she was first part
have to think what to make money
Then you leave your city.
cool little urban
the factory is not invented right?
well they have the castles now too
It's what they did now you can
battling with other people here I
I will defend myself
and came into my city attacked me and I
I get a little hole to attack too.
huh
is that not all at level 13
they give me this thesis this little hand here
I'm trying to evolve every time
The more I win, the more I can evolve.
faster than even here is a business
Here to improve homer, beauty.
then at level 1616
is the castle is on level 3 is the market
16 is that I have the margin is also
cool here I can take revenge myself
I can enter the other city after I
I show you they also have the
running
for example here I have a bet
To do it is already two of 13 and 12 in the
in case you have a chance in two then
It's easier for you to win, huh?
only six thousand and so on
there are several values you have a chance
99 but if you win you win 200
a thousand is also a cool
that's it, I'll go back
according to the clear or I can not forget
here is the part here of the beach you
platform wins first you win the
central platform here
Then you start to get square.
quadradinho also saves you also
you pay and you have to
waiting to be released and every time
getting more expensive
mine for now just so with me
That's it guys, I'll be right back
the second video
It was only worth taking here.
thank you guys